Congrats on losing-guess it's another day at the office for you.  
That was a nice warm-up. Too bad you didn't make it to the real game.  
Don't worry, it's not your fault. You just weren't ready for greatness.  
I hope you enjoyed watching me score, because it's the only thing you'll be doing this game.  
You gave me more space than my grandma gives me in her living room.  
At least you got some practice in! Keep trying-maybe next time you'll score... or not.  
Looks like my car's got more wins than your entire career.  
Hey, thanks for the free win! I haven't had an easy game like that in ages.  
You played well… if the goal was to lose with style.  
You played like you were testing out a new car-too bad it didn't work.  
Don't worry, I'll keep the spotlight on you, just so everyone can see how badly you failed.  
Hey, it's cool, we all have bad days. Unfortunately, yours happens to be every game.  
You know, I almost feel bad for you, but then I remember I just won.  
That was cute. You almost got me to sweat, but not quite.  
I thought I was playing against a bot, but it turns out you were just that predictable.  
Good game-except it wasn't, because you never even stood a chance.  
I think I just unlocked a new achievement for crushing hopes and dreams.  
Was that a challenge? Because it felt more like a freebie.  
Thanks for letting me practice my freestyle. Your defense was a joke.  
You must be used to losing by now, huh?  
Don't worry, your defeat is already recorded for posterity.  
Well, that was fast. I didn't know I signed up for a speedrun challenge.  
It's okay, you played like you were at least trying... but not really.  
That was a nice stroll to victory-couldn't have asked for an easier game.  
I almost didn't have to try-almost.  
I'm just glad I didn't have to break a sweat to win this one.  
I hope you saved some replays of that game-at least you can show your friends how badly you got owned.  
At least you didn't get completely crushed... oh wait, yes you did.  
Don't worry, I won't make fun of you… I'll just keep scoring.  
You're like a speed bump on the way to victory-completely useless.  
Well, at least you're consistent. Consistently terrible, but still.  
Don't feel bad, even the best lose sometimes… and then there's you.  
That was fun for about 10 seconds, then I realized I wasn't even breaking a sweat.  
I don't need a "What a save!" to know you got wrecked.  
Guess what? The game's over. And surprise, I won.  
Looks like you spent more time thinking about winning than actually playing.  
You played like you thought there was a reset button-too bad there isn't one in real life.  
You're like a spectator, except you're in the wrong seat.  
You can have a consolation prize: the knowledge that you lost to someone who didn't even have to try.  
Oh, is the game over already? I almost didn't notice how fast you gave up.  
Your performance was like a warm-up for me. Keep trying though-you'll get there, eventually.  
You've been a good practice target. I'll try harder next time.  
I guess you'll just have to get used to the feeling of defeat, huh?  
Better luck next time-though I doubt you'll need it, since I won again.  
Here's to you: always present, always losing.  
I hope you enjoyed the view from the bottom, because you're staying there.  
Your team was good at one thing: letting me score.  
You definitely gave it your all... or at least that's what your scoreboard says.  
The scoreboard says it all-you didn't even put up a fight.  
I love when games are this easy. Makes the win taste sweeter.  
Don't feel bad, at least you got a few seconds to enjoy the fee