Your shooting accuracy is like a blindfolded dart thrower-nothing ever hits.  
I've seen better aim from a broken compass.  
Your shots are more off-target than a malfunctioning homing missile.  
At this point, I think you're trying to hit the crossbar on purpose.  
You shoot like you're trying to hit the ground with your car.  
My grandma could shoot more accurately than you, and she thinks Rocket League is a cooking show.  
I'm starting to think you're just playing the ball like a pinball machine.  
Bro, I've seen better shots from a potato cannon.  
The only thing you're scoring is a spot on my highlight reel for how bad you are.  
Your shots are so wide, NASA is trying to track them.  
Did you install a brick wall on your car instead of a ball cam?  
I thought you were trying to score, but it looks more like you're practicing your dribbling... into the wall.  
Your shooting technique has more in common with a misspelled word than an actual shot on goal.  
The ball has to be terrified every time you line up a shot.  
You shoot like you're trying to hit the ceiling with every goal attempt.  
I've seen better placement from a kid who just learned how to walk.  
Are you sure you're not just trying to get the ball to orbit Earth?  
Your shooting is so bad, I'm starting to think you're allergic to the net.  
Your shots go wider than a kid trying to avoid doing their homework.  
I've seen someone miss less with a blindfold on.  
Your shot accuracy is so terrible, I'm starting to feel bad for your car.  
Your shooting technique is like using a rubber band to shoot cannonballs.  
I've seen more precise aim from a sloth.  
You're aiming like you're trying to miss every single shot on purpose.  
That shot was so far off, it might land in the next match.  
Did you think the goal was on the other side of the field? Because that's what your aim suggests.  
Your shots are so soft, they might as well be pillow fights.  
I'm starting to believe you're shooting for the other team.  
The ball's path is more unpredictable than your sense of direction.  
Is your controller malfunctioning or is this just your usual shot accuracy?  
I didn't know we were playing Rocket League or trying to launch a rocket into the sun.  
That shot missed so badly, I thought you were aiming for the spectator seats.  
Even a broken clock has better timing than your shooting.  
Your shot's trajectory is so bad, NASA's trying to track it for study.  
Your shooting technique is like a toddler with a paintbrush-random and all over the place.  
You miss the net so often, I'm starting to wonder if you think it's invisible.  
That shot was so bad, it might land in the opponent's net by accident.  
Your aim is so wild, I think you're auditioning for a role in a circus.  
Your shots are like bad memes-unoriginal and cringeworthy.  
Bro, you're shooting like you've never seen a goal before in your life.  
Even the most broken AI would hit more shots than you.  
Are you trying to send the ball to the moon, or are you attempting to score?  
The only goal you're hitting is the 'worst shot' highlight.  
Your shot was so far off, I think you missed the entire field.  
Your shooting technique is like a broken GPS-it always takes the wrong route.  
Bro, you shoot like you're trying to get the ball stuck in a tree.  
I think your car's aiming system needs a serious update.  
The only thing you're shooting is yourself in the foot every time you line up a shot.  
Is your car allergic to the goal? Because your shots are always going in the wrong direction.  
Your shooting is so off, I'm convinced you're trying to teach the ball how to **avoid** the goal.  
At this point, I'm considering offering you a free lesson on how to aim.  
I've seen less erratic shots from a broken pinball machine.  
That shot was so far from the goal, it might as well be on another field.  
You shoot like you're using a rubber band instead of boost.  
Even a blindfolded monkey could shoot more accurately than you.  
You're shooting like your car's tires are made of butter-slippery and off course.  
At this point, you should start practicing shooting with your eyes closed, because your open ones aren't helping.  
That shot was so wide, I thought you were auditioning for the 'missed shots' highlight reel.  
Bro, your shots are so bad, I'm starting to believe you're trying to make me look good.  
Your shooting technique looks like a game of dodgeball-except you're dodging the goal.  
I've seen better aim from a broken slingshot.  
Your shots go wider than your excuses for missing.  
You're shooting like your car is allergic to hitting the ball properly.
You missed that? Even a brick wall would've stopped it, you terrible shooter.
Is that your version of a shot? My dog could aim better, you clown.
I've seen more accurate shots from a toddler with a broken arm, you absolute disaster.
How did you miss that? My grandma could've scored blindfolded, you idiot.
Your shooting is like a broken GPS - completely lost, you moron.
That shot had the precision of a drunken sloth, you terrible player.
I think even the ball is trying to avoid you at this point, you fool.
You're about as accurate as a dart thrower with no arms, you failure.
If I had a nickel for every time you missed, I'd be a millionaire by now, idiot.
I've seen better shots from a person trying to throw a rock while blindfolded, you joke.
Is that a shot or an attempt to give the other team the ball? Complete failure.
I can't believe how badly you missed. It's like you were aiming for the sky, idiot.
Even my grandma could shoot better, and she's still stuck in the '90s, dummy.
What was that? Your shots have less direction than my old compass, you clown.
I think the ball hates you. It's avoiding you on purpose, you fool.
You must be using a broken controller, because that was the worst shot ever, moron.
I've seen more accuracy from a blindfolded pigeon, you embarrassment.
You should really try hitting the target next time, idiot.
That shot was as on target as a dartboard in an earthquake, you disaster.
Every time you shoot, the ball just laughs at you, you joke.
I don't know if you're trying to shoot or just looking for a new way to lose, fool.
The way you shoot, it's like you're actively trying to avoid scoring, idiot.
If bad shooting were an Olympic sport, you'd be taking home gold, you imbecile.
At least you'll never have to worry about hitting the ball, because you never do, dummy.
I've seen more power in a feather than your shot, you weakling.
I thought that shot was a joke... turns out you're just that bad, moron.
You miss more than a blindfolded sniper, you disaster.
That shot was so off, I'm convinced you're trying to miss on purpose, you idiot.
Even a casual player with no experience would shoot better than you, you fool.
Was that a shot, or are you just practicing your whiffs, idiot?
I didn't know the game allowed you to shoot from the wrong side, fool.
I'd say ‘nice shot,' but that's an insult to good shots everywhere, you joke.
That shot was as off target as your whole gameplay, you absolute clown.
If you're trying to miss, congratulations, you're winning, idiot.
Your shots are about as effective as a broken pencil, you disaster.
If missing shots were an art, you'd be Picasso, you idiot.
That shot was so weak, I thought the ball was going to fall asleep, fool.
Your aim is so bad, you make stormtroopers look like sharpshooters, idiot.
I've seen toddlers hit more accurate shots than that, you failure.
Your shot has less accuracy than a drunk man with a dartboard, you joke.
It's impressive how bad your shooting is. You're truly an inspiration, moron.
I think you missed that shot by a mile, and I'm being generous, idiot.
You should get an award for consistency - consistently bad, that is, fool.
I've seen more accurate shooting in a game of pin the tail on the donkey, you disaster.
Is your controller broken, or are you just pretending to shoot like that, idiot?
That shot was so weak, I thought the ball was going to cry, you failure.
If missing shots were a skill, you'd be a world champion, idiot.
Your shots are like my internet connection - lagging and all over the place, fool.
I think the ball's afraid of you, so it just avoids you, you disaster.
Your aim is so bad, you must be shooting with your eyes closed, idiot.
Is there a prize for worst shot of the match? Because you're definitely winning, fool.
I've seen better aim from a jellyfish, you embarrassment.
Your shots are like a boomerang - they always come back… but only to miss again, idiot.
That shot was so weak, it almost made me cry for the ball, you fool.
I don't even know how you missed that, you must have been aiming for the wrong goal, moron.
At this rate, the ball's going to start rejecting your shots, you disaster.
I bet the ball's trying to get away from you. I would too if I had to take those shots, idiot.
Is your controller intentionally sabotaging your shots, or are you just this bad, fool?